.TH "st4tic::St4ticConstants" 3 "27 Dec 2009" "Version 1.0" "St4tic" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
st4tic::St4ticConstants \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
Inherited by \fBst4tic.St4tic\fP, and \fBst4tic.St4ticTokenManager\fP.
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBREQUERE\fP = 6"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBIF\fP = 7"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBWHILE\fP = 8"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBDO\fP = 9"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBSTOP\fP = 10"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBDEF\fP = 11"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBDOT\fP = 12"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBCOLON\fP = 13"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBEQ\fP = 14"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBGT\fP = 15"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBLT\fP = 16"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBGE\fP = 17"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBLE\fP = 18"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBNE\fP = 19"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBPLUS\fP = 20"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBMINUS\fP = 21"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBMUL\fP = 22"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBDIV\fP = 23"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBMOD\fP = 24"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBASSIGN\fP = 25"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBINTEGER_LITERAL\fP = 26"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBDECIMAL_LITERAL\fP = 27"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBHEX_LITERAL\fP = 28"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBOCTAL_LITERAL\fP = 29"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBIDENTIFIER\fP = 30"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBLETTER\fP = 31"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBDIGIT\fP = 32"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBDEFAULT\fP = 0"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "String[] \fBtokenImage\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Package Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBEOF\fP = 0"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
\fBToken\fP literal values and constants. Generated by org.javacc.parser.OtherFilesGen.start() 
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "int \fBst4tic.St4ticConstants.ASSIGN\fP = 25"RegularExpression Id. 
.SS "int \fBst4tic.St4ticConstants.COLON\fP = 13"RegularExpression Id. 
.SS "int \fBst4tic.St4ticConstants.DECIMAL_LITERAL\fP = 27"RegularExpression Id. 
.SS "int \fBst4tic.St4ticConstants.DEF\fP = 11"RegularExpression Id. 
.SS "int \fBst4tic.St4ticConstants.DEFAULT\fP = 0"Lexical state. 
.SS "int \fBst4tic.St4ticConstants.DIGIT\fP = 32"RegularExpression Id. 
.SS "int \fBst4tic.St4ticConstants.DIV\fP = 23"RegularExpression Id. 
.SS "int \fBst4tic.St4ticConstants.DO\fP = 9"RegularExpression Id. 
.SS "int \fBst4tic.St4ticConstants.DOT\fP = 12"RegularExpression Id. 
.SS "int \fBst4tic.St4ticConstants.EOF\fP = 0\fC [package]\fP"End of File. 
.SS "int \fBst4tic.St4ticConstants.EQ\fP = 14"RegularExpression Id. 
.SS "int \fBst4tic.St4ticConstants.GE\fP = 17"RegularExpression Id. 
.SS "int \fBst4tic.St4ticConstants.GT\fP = 15"RegularExpression Id. 
.SS "int \fBst4tic.St4ticConstants.HEX_LITERAL\fP = 28"RegularExpression Id. 
.SS "int \fBst4tic.St4ticConstants.IDENTIFIER\fP = 30"RegularExpression Id. 
.SS "int \fBst4tic.St4ticConstants.IF\fP = 7"RegularExpression Id. 
.SS "int \fBst4tic.St4ticConstants.INTEGER_LITERAL\fP = 26"RegularExpression Id. 
.SS "int \fBst4tic.St4ticConstants.LE\fP = 18"RegularExpression Id. 
.SS "int \fBst4tic.St4ticConstants.LETTER\fP = 31"RegularExpression Id. 
.SS "int \fBst4tic.St4ticConstants.LT\fP = 16"RegularExpression Id. 
.SS "int \fBst4tic.St4ticConstants.MINUS\fP = 21"RegularExpression Id. 
.SS "int \fBst4tic.St4ticConstants.MOD\fP = 24"RegularExpression Id. 
.SS "int \fBst4tic.St4ticConstants.MUL\fP = 22"RegularExpression Id. 
.SS "int \fBst4tic.St4ticConstants.NE\fP = 19"RegularExpression Id. 
.SS "int \fBst4tic.St4ticConstants.OCTAL_LITERAL\fP = 29"RegularExpression Id. 
.SS "int \fBst4tic.St4ticConstants.PLUS\fP = 20"RegularExpression Id. 
.SS "int \fBst4tic.St4ticConstants.REQUERE\fP = 6"RegularExpression Id. 
.SS "int \fBst4tic.St4ticConstants.STOP\fP = 10"RegularExpression Id. 
.SS "String [] \fBst4tic.St4ticConstants.tokenImage\fP"Literal token values. 
.SS "int \fBst4tic.St4ticConstants.WHILE\fP = 8"RegularExpression Id. 

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for St4tic from the source code.
