.TH "st4tic::St4ticTokenManager" 3 "27 Dec 2009" "Version 1.0" "St4tic" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
st4tic::St4ticTokenManager \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
Inherits \fBst4tic::St4ticConstants\fP.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetDebugStream\fP (java.io.PrintStream ds)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBSt4ticTokenManager\fP (\fBSimpleCharStream\fP stream)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBSt4ticTokenManager\fP (\fBSimpleCharStream\fP stream, int lexState)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBReInit\fP (\fBSimpleCharStream\fP stream)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBReInit\fP (\fBSimpleCharStream\fP stream, int lexState)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBSwitchTo\fP (int lexState)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBToken\fP \fBgetNextToken\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "java.io.PrintStream \fBdebugStream\fP = System.out"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Static Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static final String[] \fBjjstrLiteralImages\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static final String[] \fBlexStateNames\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBToken\fP \fBjjFillToken\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBSimpleCharStream\fP \fBinput_stream\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char \fBcurChar\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Package Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBcurLexState\fP = 0"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBdefaultLexState\fP = 0"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBjjnewStateCnt\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBjjround\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBjjmatchedPos\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBjjmatchedKind\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Static Package Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static final long[] \fBjjbitVec0\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static final int[] \fBjjnextStates\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static final long[] \fBjjtoToken\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static final long[] \fBjjtoSkip\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
\fBToken\fP Manager. 
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "st4tic.St4ticTokenManager.St4ticTokenManager (\fBSimpleCharStream\fP stream)"Constructor. 
.SS "st4tic.St4ticTokenManager.St4ticTokenManager (\fBSimpleCharStream\fP stream, int lexState)"Constructor. 
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBToken\fP st4tic.St4ticTokenManager.getNextToken ()"Get the next \fBToken\fP. 
.SS "\fBToken\fP st4tic.St4ticTokenManager.jjFillToken ()\fC [protected]\fP"
.SS "void st4tic.St4ticTokenManager.ReInit (\fBSimpleCharStream\fP stream, int lexState)"Reinitialise parser. 
.SS "void st4tic.St4ticTokenManager.ReInit (\fBSimpleCharStream\fP stream)"Reinitialise parser. 
.SS "void st4tic.St4ticTokenManager.setDebugStream (java.io.PrintStream ds)"Set debug output. 
.SS "void st4tic.St4ticTokenManager.SwitchTo (int lexState)"Switch to specified lex state. 
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "char \fBst4tic.St4ticTokenManager.curChar\fP\fC [protected]\fP"
.SS "int \fBst4tic.St4ticTokenManager.curLexState\fP = 0\fC [package]\fP"
.SS "java.io.PrintStream \fBst4tic.St4ticTokenManager.debugStream\fP = System.out"Debug output. 
.SS "int \fBst4tic.St4ticTokenManager.defaultLexState\fP = 0\fC [package]\fP"
.SS "\fBSimpleCharStream\fP \fBst4tic.St4ticTokenManager.input_stream\fP\fC [protected]\fP"
.SS "final long [] \fBst4tic.St4ticTokenManager.jjbitVec0\fP\fC [static, package]\fP"\fBInitial value:\fP
.PP
.nf
 {
   0x0L, 0x0L, 0xffffffffffffffffL, 0xffffffffffffffffL
}
.fi
.SS "int \fBst4tic.St4ticTokenManager.jjmatchedKind\fP\fC [package]\fP"
.SS "int \fBst4tic.St4ticTokenManager.jjmatchedPos\fP\fC [package]\fP"
.SS "int \fBst4tic.St4ticTokenManager.jjnewStateCnt\fP\fC [package]\fP"
.SS "final int [] \fBst4tic.St4ticTokenManager.jjnextStates\fP\fC [static, package]\fP"\fBInitial value:\fP
.PP
.nf
 {
   11, 13, 7, 1, 2, 4, 
}
.fi
.SS "int \fBst4tic.St4ticTokenManager.jjround\fP\fC [package]\fP"
.SS "final String [] \fBst4tic.St4ticTokenManager.jjstrLiteralImages\fP\fC [static]\fP"\fBInitial value:\fP
.PP
.nf
 {
'', null, null, null, null, null, '\162\145\161\165\151\162\145', '\151\146', 
'\167\150\151\154\145', '\144\157', '\163\164\157\160', '\144\145\146', '\56', '\72', '\75\75', '\76', 
'\74', '\76\75', '\74\75', '\41\75', '\53', '\55', '\52', '\57', '\45', '\75', null, 
null, null, null, null, null, null, '\50', '\51', '\54', }
.fi
\fBToken\fP literal values. 
.SS "final long [] \fBst4tic.St4ticTokenManager.jjtoSkip\fP\fC [static, package]\fP"\fBInitial value:\fP
.PP
.nf
 {
   0x3eL, 
}
.fi
.SS "final long [] \fBst4tic.St4ticTokenManager.jjtoToken\fP\fC [static, package]\fP"\fBInitial value:\fP
.PP
.nf
 {
   0xe47ffffc1L, 
}
.fi
.SS "final String [] \fBst4tic.St4ticTokenManager.lexStateNames\fP\fC [static]\fP"\fBInitial value:\fP
.PP
.nf
 {
   'DEFAULT', 
}
.fi
Lexer state names. 

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for St4tic from the source code.
